DETAILS
A BBC Documentary entitled Hyper Evolution: Rise of Robots is a documentary that suits for everyone. Why? Because we are in the era where technology is used in our everyday lives. And there are a lot of misconceptions about Robots. So this documentary basically just shows how Robots makes our life more productive and explains why we shouldn't be afraid of them. Furthermore it shows the different specialties a robot can do in every clip

PURPOSE
Generally, the document shows both sides of the robots, negative and positive. And by the end of every clip, it would explain why they are made and how it made our lives easier. Furthermore, the interviewer reminds the viewer that robots are not something to be afraid of because we are the maker. ANd it will always be up to us to what it can do

KNOWLEDGE
I had basic knowledge of robots and know of some. But Erica, a robot that could interact with humans autonomously is something I've discovered. I watch clips of robots in the social media and I see those who can interact but somome is pressing a button or is typing to what the robot is suppose to answer. And just like the guy who had a face to face talk, it feels odd, and a bit creepy because Erica just stares at you with a real-looking-eye with no emototions at all.

SUMMARISE
Different specifications of the robots and what it can do is shown and there are more autonomous robots shown like Erica who could interact autonomously and WHL2 which can walk autonomously. The others are Geminoid which is made by Professor Hiroshi who also made Erica. Geminois is a copy of himself and Professor Hiroshi is doing plastic surgeries for him to look like Geminoid, or to keep himself younger because you know, a robot never gets old. Additionally, he does not treat Geminoid as just a robot but something who has soul because that's a tradition in Japan. On the other hand, we have Electro, the westinghouse mortal man, wobot2, who could play pian and atlas, who can walk the toughest terrain in the toughest directions.
